This is the
United States Coast Guard.
You are entering
a restricted area.
Come about immediately.
I repeat.
come about immediately.
Everyone
wondered how the world broke.
Deep down.
before the collapse.
we were already falling.
Technology had become our god.
And we worshiped at the altar
of convenience and ease.
Everyone wondered
how the world ended.
But this...
this is the story
of how it began...
again.
Toast...
Here you go. baby.
I have to finish my Pre-Calc.
Ugh. But maybe
we can meet up after?
At our favorite spot?
Hang on.
Theo! Mom said no gaming.
I'm not!
Dude. respawn!
Water.
I'm gonna do this.
Oh. Arnie.
-Hmm.
-It's also
an inter-dimensional
portal spaceship.
Hey. kids.
did anyone feed Arnie?
I think Daddy fed him
when he went to work.
We're gonna make it!
Everyone okay?
Did you feel that?
Mommy. the TV broke.
Oh. honey. honey.
Careful. there's glass. okay?
Mom. my game died.
Um. just...
...uh...
Hey. Malcolm.
Can I call you back?
'Cause I just broke
some glass and--
Evie! There's something
going on down here.
Evie. get the kids
out of there!
Just don't-just don't
breathe the air. Uh...
Go to your brother's.
Go to Ian's.
-Mal-- I can't--
-Sweetie? Evie. can you hear me?
Malcolm.
I can't hear you.
Why is the sky so weird?
Are you guys seeing this?
Evie. look.
I'll meet you there. okay?
-Get to the Homestead.
-All right. Yeah.
-Evie? Evie!
-Malcolm. I can't--
I can't--
Hey. hey. hey!
Molly. where are you going?
-I'm going to Liam's.
-No. no. no.
You do not leave this house.
Uh-uh.
Okay. I need you to go
in the closet and get the-- um--
the-the go bag. okay.
And I want you to find it
and I want you to put it in
the car right now. okay?
Let's go! Let's go. Come on.
Theo! Right now.
Emma!
Where is Emma?
I remember he said not
to breathe the air.
He said not to breathe the air.
We can't breathe the air.
Let's just grab
some blankets. okay?
Just-- we'll put them
over our head.
We gotta get to the car.
Here we go.
-Like this?
-Try not to breathe.
Try hold your breath.
Hold your breath.
Bio-weapon
defense mode activated.
Mom. do we even have water?
I don't know. I don't know.
-Okay. Okay.
-I don't know.
Oh. please help me. Jesus.
It's okay. Everything's okay.
Everything's gonna be fine.
-Okay.
-We do have water and-and food.
-We do?
-Yeah. it's in the bag.
-It's okay.
-Okay.
You guys. we're gonna be okay.
All right. Your dad said
that we have to leave.
-So. we're gonna leave. Okay?
-Okay.
Where's Arnie?
All right. stay in the car.
-Stay in the car.
I'm going to get-- yes.
-Are you sure?
Stay in the car.
She'll be right back.
Everything's okay.
Come on. Arnie. Arnie.
This is the national
public emergency system.
This is not a test.
A large explosion
has been reported
off the coast
of southern California.
Mass casualties
have been reported.
Please be advised to stay
in your house
and avoid mass transit.
Travel may be difficult for...
Nobody knows
the day their world will end.
Our homestead stretched
to the mountains
and our cellars were full.
We were prepared for anything.
More than most.
And despite all of that...
our lives were
about to change.
Mom?
What do you think?
Where did you find that?
In the dark corner
of your closet.
Ahh.
You just make
my old dress look new.
And the boys.
they went crazy for this thing.
You just have to be careful
of these flowers here.
They fall right off.
What happened?
What's wrong?
I'll probably never
get asked to prom.
-You went last year.
-Yeah.
with girl friends
in a group to a school
I don't even know. It's not--
It's different
for homeschoolers. Mom.
Boys don't...
Boys don't what?
Boys don't know how to ask?
No.
And if a boy wanted
to ask me to prom.
how would he even
get past the gate?
Your father and I.
we're gonna figure it out.
Emily got to go to prom.
You're gonna go too.
-Okay?
-Okay.
'Cause how could you not?
Look at you.
Can't believe this is
my last year at home.
It's Aunt Evie.
-Morning. Evie.
-Hey. um...
-Malcolm said that we need
to get out --
-Hello?
Evie. can you hear me?
We're coming
to the Homestead but--
She said she's coming.
You're coming?
Okay. Christian?
Can you have Graciela
prepare the guest room?
The large one?
Evie. I have full bars.
Sweetie. I don't think that
your phone is really working.
Something is happening in LA
and it's not just an earthquake.
There's just traffic.
There's traffic everywhere
-and I don't know--
-Evie.
-This traffic is crazy.
-Can you hear me?
-Where's Malcolm?
-I don't know.
I've got the kids and the dog.
-Yeah. I'm coming to you.
-Okay. Take the kids.
Stay on the line.
Ian!
...been struck
by some type of bomb
and footage
of reports coming in
show that it might. uh--
It might be nuclear.
Authorities haven't
confirmed this.
Now. they're certain
this was...
My God.
Ian? Ian!
Hey! So. you think you can make
them how Daddy likes them?
Yolks still gushy
inside. right?
It's called over-medium. bro.
Okay. Are you almost
ready to go?
And please stop talking
with your mouth full.
Don't tell me what to do.
-That's disgusting!
-I know.
Good morning. soldier.
-Good morning.
-Is this how Daddy likes it?
Um... hmm. Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm. Yeah.
That's...
Mm. Yeah.
Here you go.
They're perfect. Thank you.
-All right. Go grab your stuff.
-Bye. Dad.
Bye.
Gross.
Where you going?
Districts.
Right.
Right. Uh. what-what time?
11:30.
I'll be there to see you--
Okay. You know what.
hey. Georgie.
Baby. it's time.
We gotta go. all right?
-Let's go. Pack it up.
-Almost... finished.
Great. All right.
Grab your stuff.
-I'll meet you in the car. okay?
-Okay.
-Bye. Jeff.
-Bye.
Hey.
I completely forgot.
It's all right.
I'll be there.
11:30.
He actually runs at 10:00.
I don't know why
he told you that.
He will come back to you.
They all will.
Daddy.
Yeah.
And. uh. and-and
we're sure this is shocking
for many of you that are
just hearing the news
and tuning in.
The response has been
complicated by
the mysterious domino effect
of power failures
along the East Coast...
Hey!
Where we're
already hearing reports
of blackouts...
Pick up. Pick up. Pick up.
...looting and-and
widespread panic
-in some areas.
-Pick up.
While no one has yet
claimed responsibility
for the bombing or bombings.
we're not sure at this point.
The authorities have
not ruled out terrorism
or follow-up attacks
from-from a rogue state.
We're bringing you news
as we get it.
Obviously. this is worrying.
But. uh. stay tuned.
Los Angeles has experienced
a nuclear detonation.
- Call Evan.
- Calling Evan.
-Jeff.
-Did you hear the news?
Yeah. World War III.
That will be lots of nukes.
This is just one so far.
-Mm-hmm.
-Terrorism most likely.
What's our play?
Got a place. Prepper.
Been planning for the big one.
Uh-huh. Rich guy.
I know the type.
He called a few months back.
needs security guys.
You tell me when and where.
I'm there.
I'll send coordinates.
Come jocked up.
I got your back. boss.
- Call Tara.
- Calling Tara.
You're not getting
on the freeway.
Are you texting Lexi?
Is that your girlfriend?
She's not my girlfriend.
You can't get a girlfriend.
-Shush.
-I can get a girlfriend
if I wanted a girlfriend.
You're not old enough to date.
Says the baby.
-I'm eight!
-Yeah. exactly.
Okay. he is right.
He's right though.
For sure. What is up with--
Is that Dad?
You're not answering
your phone.
What are you doing?
- America's just been attacked.
- What?
A nuclear bomb
just hit Los Angeles.
-Are you sure?
-Yeah.
Yeah. Mom. look.
Oh. crap.
Follow me home.
We're headed to the Ross place.
Who's Ross?
Why do I have to go
to that place?
There was one bomb.
Things can go downhill fast
after just one bomb.
Grab the go bag.
-Serious?
-I don't know why
we trust this Ross guy.
I don't trust him.
Then why are we going
to his place?
This Ross guy has
everything we need
to spin up
a defensive hard point
-and a QRF.
-What--
That sounds like war.
Yeah. Well. maybe it is.
I called our old office
at the State Department.
I called the Army liaison
at Homeland.
I even called Seth at DOD.
The switchboards
aren't picking up.
No one's answering
their cell phone.
Okay. I'll make a couple calls.
Evan and the guys
are going to meet us
on the way to the compound.
Once we get there.
we'll call the shots.
All right. Jeff. listen.
I mean. I trust you on this.
but if for one second I feel
like my children are in danger.
we have to leave.
“Our” children.
Our children.
-What are you laughing at?
-Just...
Listen.
I hope to God in a week or two
you're all laughing
at me for overreacting.
But there's a chance...
that after today. our lives
will never be the same.
This is what I do.
I know.
What I've been doing
all these years.
I keep good people safe
from bad people.
So I'm gonna need you
to follow my orders.
Now go grab whatever backpack
you took with you
to Disneyland last year.
Pack it with essentials
and load up into my car.
We're leaving in five minutes.
Hey. Georgie. Sweetie.
Georgie. we gotta pack.
Georgie?
Georgie. honey.
I know you're scared.
When you came to us.
we promised to keep you safe
and that has not changed. Okay?
Daddy has a place for us to go.
We'll be together.
I saw this.
Saw what?
We never come back.
Are you scared?
Yeah.
Yeah. I'm a little scared.
We gotta go. Okay?
-Pull in there.
-Is it worth the risk?
What risk?
That risk.
You can't park here!
We just pulled into the store.
We're out front.
Coming up on your 20.
Oh. my God.
Lady. you can't just take
all of the toilet paper.
Are you kidding me?
Here we go.
Rocco. you seeing this?
-Get off my cart!
-Whoa. Master Sarge.
Navy Seal assaulting through.
-Come again?
-Yo. dip-wad!
Stand down!
What are you doing?
They're all out
because of you!
-Knock it off!
-Hey!
My toilet paper!
-God.
-Hey! I said stand down!
Stay down! Stay down.
Bing! Put your rifle down.
Bing! Bing! Not here.
-Are you kidding me?
-Bing.
-There's kids here.
-Okay. boss man.
Move. move!
Let's go. Hurry. Let's go.
-I hate Seals.
-It was a madhouse in there.
-What'd you get?
-Georgie's ear antibiotics.
I'm not going
into this apocalypse.
or whatever this is.
with a sick kid.
Was that Bing
back there with the AR?
Things went high-order.
No more field trips. okay?
Okay.
Tara here.
You guys still got power
in the Rockies?
It's Barry
at the State Department.
Negative. No. the traffic lights
just went down.
How about you guys?
No grid power here since 0900.
Most of the East Coast
is dark.
We think it's a cyber attack.
Maybe coordinated.
Probably Russia.
Someone's messing
with the stock exchange.
Listen. I gotta bounce.
I'll check back when I can.
All right. Copy.
They think Russia
hit the power grid.
The entire East Coast
is lights out.
Evan. do you copy?
It's happening.
Russians took out the grid.
Cyber attack.
Copy that. Running
high and tight.
Apparently the Russians
took the power grid out.
Surprise. surprise.
What is this place?
Hello?
Maybe the power's out here too.
Fancy place.
Jeff. Tara.
So glad you're here.
-I'm Ian Ross.
-Um. thank you
for all of this. um--
These are our kids. Come on.
-This is Leif.
-Hi. Leif.
-This is Georgie.
-Hi. Georgie.
And this is Abe.
-Hey. Abe.
-Hey.
This is our daughter. Claire.
Welcome to Homestead.
- Is this a hotel?
- No.
It's a house.
But it's somewhere
you can stay for a while.
Now. you'll have to excuse us.
We just had a power outage.
We're trying to get
the generator to--
I just had Sage on the line
and then the call just dropped.
Excuse me just a second.
Uh. hi. Sorry.
You must be the Erikssons.
Just pardon us for one moment.
We just have
a family emergency.
-Okay.
-Yeah.
Is she there?
Sage?
Nothing.
I think half the country's
trying to call the other half.
I'm sorry. Excuse me. Are your
kids driving here right now?
-Yeah.
-Okay. Do you have
comms on them?
-Comms?
-Phone. text.
email communication?
Well. they have
a cell phone. but it's--
Okay. All right.
No need to alarm you.
Ex-military. so it's
second nature. but. um--
You know what. come with me.
I think-I think I can help you.
-Okay?
-Yeah.
Everything all right?
Yeah.
You sure have
a lot of men here.
Once you get settled.
why don't you and I take
a tour of the property
and get orientated.
Christian.
help with their bags.
Christian's my assistant.
Let's try her on my
satellite phone. okay?
Yeah.
-What's your daughter's number?
-It's here.
-Okay. And her name is?
-Emily.
Is this gonna work?
As soon as they get coverage.
your texts should land.
Okay.
Bingo.
It's her! What is that number?
-Is your daughter military?
-No. um--
But Ian did send
a Navy Seal to escort her
back here
when the-when the bomb--
Okay.
- Everything okay?
- It's okay.
This means
she's with him. right?
-Sir.
-These are latitude.
-longitude GPS coordinates. so.
-Okay.
Look. She is outside Baltimore.
-It's her.
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
-Can we respond on this?
-Yeah.
Yeah. yeah. Here.
Um. just type what
you want to say to her.
Hey.
-Hi.
-Hey. Uh. I'm Abe.
I'm the daughter. Claire.
Cool.
I was just gardening.
So. sorry I'm so. like. dirty.
You're fine. Clean.
Good. You're--
you're good. Uh...
-Abe! Come help!
-Uh.
Okay. I'll see you around.
-Yeah. Yeah.
-Okay.
Idiot.
Solar's down over here.
The fishing pond's up top.
Cellar's out in the back.
full of wheat.
We got orchards.
as you can see.
Vineyards.
Million rounds of ammunition.
Belt-fed machine guns.
We kinda got it all.
Where's your perimeter?
Let me show you.
Pretty beautiful.
isn't it?
We're too close
to the main house.
We need to set up
our perimeter posts there.
there.
-And there.
-Well. that's all
Forest Service land.
We don't own that.
In another week.
we're gonna own
whatever we wanna own.
Who's that over there?
Oh. that's probably
the Berringers.
They have a survival camp
on the other side of the hill.
They can't stay.
Can't?
Well. that's their land.
-Are they friendlies?
-No.
Not really.
We can't have enemy belligerents
within shooting range.
Well. I'm not going to dig
entrenchments on Forest Service.
I'm not gonna push out
the Berringers.
They'll sue me till last week.
Nobody's gonna sue anybody.
Look. Jeff. I-I think we're
getting off on the wrong foot.
I hired you all
to figure out security
until the government or FEMA
stabilizes the situation.
You're depending
on the government?
I'm not depending on anyone.
I'm just making a bet
that the government's
gonna show up
and figure this all out.
How many military-aged males
do you have?
How many dependents?
Fifty shooters.
Another 40 family members.
Shooters?
All trained in firearms.
I got seven more guys coming.
All former military operators.
When they get here.
we'll fortify the gate.
Fortify the gate from whom?
This might be the most prepared
location in the Rockies.
Everyone's gonna want in.
And I mean everyone.
Low battery.
Please safely pull over
to charge the vehicle.
What are we gonna do?
-I don't know.
-Low battery.
Please safely pull over
to charge the vehicle.
-Hey! Hey!
-Oh. my God!
-Mom.
-Get back in line!
All of these people
are just waiting for gas.
-What are you doing?
-I don't know. I don't know.
Daddy--
We're all waiting!
-Back off!
-Hey!
- Where is Daddy?
- Okay.
-All right. I want you to--
-Mom.
-Just hold on.
-What are you doing?
Just for a second.
Just hold on!
...the food supplies.
Avoid urban areas
and interstates...
Please forgive me.
No. I need this.
Okay. Listen. I want you
to get the go bag
and get the kids and the dog
and get ready and go. Okay.
-Are you serious?
-Yes. Right now.
Come on. Now.
Kids. get in the car.
Get in the car.
Come on. doggy! Up. up!
-This is not our car!
-I know. It's okay.
Uncle Ian left it for us. okay?
So let's go!
It's okay. It's okay.
Hook your seatbelt!
You okay? Yes?
Hey! Hey! Hey!
Stop! Stop! Stop!
I'm sorry!
-I'm sorry!
-Stop!
Throw him some money!
Are you just gonna stand there?
Make yourself useful.
-Yeah. Yeah.
-Can you handle a knife?
Yeah! Of course.
Uh. hey. What are we--
What are we doing actually?
We're making peach wine.
-Wine?
-Mm-hmm.
We're not even old enough
to drink.
It's not for us.
Then why are we making it?
Making wine is one of the oldest
ways of preserving calories.
-Really?
-Mm-hmm.
-Interesting.
-Well. up until 100 years ago.
there was no refrigeration.
so people made wine
to hold the harvest over
until the next season.
-This is how we heal the planet.
-By making wine?
I guess it isn't
a straight line.
but we grow our food.
we care for our soil.
we raise our animals.
cultivate their manure.
It's a circle
that replenishes itself.
So. yeah.
This-this--
I mean. this is how we...
we heal the land and eventually
it is how we heal the planet.
Yeah.
Anyways... uh.
you buy into the whole.
uh. apocalypse thing?
Yeah.
Yeah. I don't-I don't know
what to believe.
My dad blows everything
out of proportion.
This time it isn't
about your dad.
Do you garden?
Do you camp?
Can you handle yourself
with a gun?
I've gone hunting
and stuff before.
Once.
Well. then maybe you can stay.
Maybe I will stay.
It's J.R. Jeffreys.
Part of the apocalypse
update coming.
The US of A is
raining hellfire down
on the Houthis
in the Middle East.
Why do we care?
The wheels are
coming off the bus
here in America.
With the LA nuke
and the lights out
across the entire country.
and now the massive civil
disorder in the big cities.
Oh. and don't forget.
The US dollar
is pitched off a cliff
with inflation running
15 percent last week.
Anyone who even gets
to their money
is taking it and fleeing
to Bitcoin. Goldbacks
or any alternative currency.
My currency of choice?
Bullets and beans.
This is J.R. Jeffreys.
On old-fashioned
shortwave radio. Signing off.
I'm starving.
Are we really
eating this again?
When does
Chick-fil-A open back up?
-Looks good. babe.
-Here. honey.
Sorry. the bread's all gone.
Maybe I'll go
into town tomorrow.
See if we can find anything.
Okay.
Let's dig in. everybody.
-Uh. Dad?
-Yeah?
-I have to go to the bathroom.
-Um...
Can it wait till we're--
till we're done eating?
I really have to go
and the toilets won't flush.
Yeah. I mean. that's because
there's no water. honey.
You'll-you'll have
to go outside.
I know. but it's dark outside.
You said we can't
go outside in the dark.
Okay.
Yeah. Let's go together. okay?
Come on.
Where do I go?
I don't know. Anywhere.
Like we're camping.
-Why don't you go right here?
-Okay.
All right.
What are you doing?
What are you doing in my house?
Get out of my house!
I've got a dog.
Tish?
Tish. you all right?
Daddy. I cant.
Get-get out!
You can't come here
and take my food.
It's-it's all ours.
- Get out. I told ya!
- Hey.
Get out!
What-what are you doing?
-Tish. we gotta go right now.
-You shot my dog!
-We gotta go right now. baby.
Come on.
Okay.
Marta? Marta!
-What?
-Get the kids. Let's go now.
-What's happening?
-Tish! Hurry up!
They have a gun.
They might be coming here next.
Go get the boys.
Meet me out front in the truck.
Right now.
All right. Come on.
-Come on. Marta!
-What about our stuff?
Our camping stuff?
We'll come back for it.
It's okay. It's okay.
-It's okay.
-Come on. Come on.
-Where are we going?
-I don't know. I don't know.
Uh...
Ian.
Ian Ross.
He-he has food. He has water.
And-and he has guns.
Come on. Come on. Come on!
It's gonna be okay. baby.
I'm gonna take you
to see a friend of mine
-that I think can help us. okay?
-Dad!
Okay. All right.
All right.
Who's in there?
-Rick?
-Hank-Hank. put it down.
Rick. where's your gun?
-Okay. All right.
-Rick?
Rick? Where you going?
Rick!
Where do the Rosses live?
They'll help us. right?
Hey! Car coming
down the road!
Blake Masterson.
Oakwood Zoning Enforcement.
He's all right.
Hey!
Why does he get to go in?
It's all here.
Hey!
What are you doing in here?
Blake Masterson.
Oakwood Zoning Enforcement.
How-how did you get in here?
I noticed you're running
your sprinklers.
You know. Tuesdays and Fridays
are your watering days.
-What?
-Mr. Ross.
we received
some complaints about
an unpermitted gathering
on your property.
Unless you have
permits for all this.
Ian?
Yeah. I'm in here. honey!
There is a man here
from the city
and he says
he's looking for-- Oh.
Hmm.
This is a private residence.
Even so. for a gathering
of 30 or more people.
code requires a porta-potty.
fire evacuation plan.
And. uh...
do you have paperwork
for all these firearms?
-What do you want. Mister...
-Masterson.
Masterson.
-What's your scam?
-Scam?
Oh.
Well. you'd know about that.
wouldn't you. Mr. Ross?
Oh. I'm sure I don't know
about that.
You know. not every government
official is for sale.
There's still a city
with a police force
and a SWAT team.
I'd like an inventory
of everything on this property.
Ammunition. guns.
Food.
People.
Yeah.
You can play survivalist
camp-out all you like. Mr. Ross.
But there's still
taxes to be paid.
Taxes?
I think it's time
for you to leave.
Christian. show Mr. Masterson
the way out.
Through the gate.
All the way out
into the street.
Death and taxes. Mr. Ross.
Who was that?
Bureaucrat.
All bark. no bite. I'm sure.
Did I hear him say SWAT team?
It was obviously a shakedown.
You can't blame Ian for that.
He's just posturing.
I'm sure that guy does not
have a SWAT team.
Are you sure about that?
That man was scared.
Everyone down in town
is looking in the back
of their pantries right now
and thinking
really. really hard.
He was hungry.
He'll be back.
Jeff. what's happening
over there?
Evan. you seeing this?
Yeah. I see the smoke
from here.
What do you think
happened?
We got hit. Burning barn
back of the Homestead.
Let me know
if you need backup.
Someone's sending a message.
I need to talk to Ross.
Copy that.
Here if you need me.
Ian.
Jeff.
We need to talk about getting
your guys trained up.
Trained up?
I told you my guys have had
plenty of range training.
That's cute.
But paper don't shoot back.
Look. Ian.
We got a new threat
on the Homestead.
It's only a matter of time
before we face a real enemy.
And that's why I hired ya.
I think what Jeff's
trying to say
is we need more men.
A lot more men.
Your guys wouldn't last
two minutes
in a fight with a SWAT team.
Or even the survivalists
in the next canyon.
It's time we make security
a priority.
I'll prove it to you.
You're gonna prove it to me?
Grab your 12 best guys.
Meet us at the top
of the hill in 30 minutes.
And what's that gonna prove?
You'll see.
All right.
What is this?
It's a laser tactical
training system.
Just like we used
in the military.
Here's the scenario.
Three guys have overtaken your
barn at the base of this hill.
They're stealing your grain.
your OHVs
and they've cut off
your solar power.
There's 12 of you.
And only three of them.
Take it back.
Let's go.
All right. You heard the man.
Suit up.
Yep!
Time for a little fun.
Six of you up this way.
Six of you that way.
Let's go.
Hey. buddy. Come here!
Yeah. get some! Get some!
Dead!
You're hit!
Let's get a tourniquet on that.
Hey. you're out!
Ugh!
One down.
Hmm.
Yeah. baby!
Can't buy your way out of that!
And dead! End ex! End exercise!
End ex? We were winning!
We were about to win!
You know what. this is silly.
I'm done. Take this.
Why'd you stop us?
You lost half your people.
So you killed one intruder.
Yours are friends. family.
mothers and fathers.
How many of them can die
without crushing this place?
How do you win?
You train everyone every day.
Women included.
All right.
But your guys have to learn how
to take care of the animals.
Farm. forage.
We can't eat bullets.
Deal?
Agreed.
Start tomorrow.
0900.
Right on.
Oorah.
Hey. Can I help?
-Oh. thank you.
-Thanks.
So. what's this for?
Our friends at the gate.
I'm telling you Jenna.
I wouldn't want to be
in your shoes right now.
Having to keep
all these people out.
We have a problem.
What's wrong now?
We organized your people
into a security perimeter.
gave them radios
and they immediately
started reporting trespassers.
They're asking what to do.
-Trespassers in the hills?
-Mm-hmm.
They're probably hunters.
How do we tell
the difference between
a hunter and a sniper?
Can't have strangers
with high-powered rifles
within shooting range
of our families.
You talk to them.
Tell them they're trespassing.
-Talk to them?
-With megaphones.
It's how we usually talk
to people who are trespassing.
You let them know.
Turn them around.
-We can try that.
-Good.
Ian? Ian. Hey. Hey!
-Hey. Rick.
-Hey.
Marta. Hey. kids.
Hey. uh. we've been here
for a couple of days now
and we're running out of food.
Yeah. Yeah. Uh...
I wish we could help.
but we can't.
You can't-you can't
or you won't?
-I thought we were friends.
-We were.
We are. I--
Okay. Then why are we out here?
And all those--
all those people are in there?
We fed the homeless together.
Remember that?
-Yes.
-And-and. uh.
my family's out here and
we're starving to death. okay?
I know. but these people inside.
they've helped build this place.
And they have. you know.
certain skills.
I've got skills.
Rick. I know. Come on...
I love you
but you install fireplaces.
We would've helped. man.
We would've helped.
-I know.
-Let us in right now
and we'll help. okay?
We'll help.
We'll do more than anyone else.
Right. Marta? Right?
What am I supposed
to tell my kids?
Look.
Okay. I'll get you a bucket
of wheat. maybe some sugar.
- Ian.
- Stop.
If you give them food.
they'll be back for more
and they'll bring
more hungry people.
It's my food!
It became our food
the moment we got here.
It's okay. This is my house.
Just trust me. Open the gate.
Okay.
People are gonna die
at this gate.
You better square yourself
with that reality.
What do you mean people
are gonna die at the gate?
These people
are refugees now. Ian.
And refugees end up dead.
They're my friends!
What if FEMA gets here and
I've already turned them away?
You're gonna risk
your family's life
on FEMA coming to save you?
Ian?
Ian!
Get back!
Put your family in your car.
Go find a farm
and wait this out.
Ian. please.
Here. please.
Take this. I'm sorry.
just take this.
I'm sorry I couldn't--
One at a time!
There's enough for everyone!
Hey! Hey. hey. hey!
Rocco. Cody. lock it down!
Honey-honey. wait!
Back up. back up!
Let's go! Back him up!
-Get them in here.
-Let's go! Come on!
Back up! Back up! Back up!
You okay?
-You okay? You okay?
-Yes. It's okay.
Everybody's okay.
-You all right?
-Everything's fine.
This isn't how it works.
There's no army field manual
for this. Jeff.
We can't be
giving away charity.
-You're probably right. but--
-I know I'm right!
Okay. but there's being right
and there's getting
what you want.
And sometimes
you gotta pick one.
What does that even mean?
-Hey.
Uncle Bing said
I can take a shift
running guard duty
on the perimeter.
You are
not trained for that.
I can shoot.
I went deer hunting last year.
I want to contribute.
If you think that guard duty
is like deer hunting
then you are definitely
not ready.
We need every possible person
on the perimeter.
Yeah. That could be me.
He'd just be spotting
and warning people off
with a megaphone.
I'll put him on the backside of
the property where it's quiet.
I can contribute. Mom.
Guard duty? Really?
He's right.
It's time he contributes.
Yes.
I don't like it.
What?
This is not the way to get him
on your side. Jeff.
Sides?
This isn't war.
This is our son.
It was just food that was
going bad in the fridge.
I was going
to throw it out anyways.
We need all our food.
Every last bite.
Especially if this government
goes belly up
like Eriksson thinks.
We may not have enough
to get through winter.
I thought you said
that the government
would bring relief supplies.
That's not a certainty.
We gotta play this
very carefully.
“Play this”?
I'm sorry.
I-I can't just sit here
while our friends
are on the other side
of the gate starving.
Did you see their kids?
Look. Rick and Marta.
they're good people.
They're all good people
out there.
Do you think I like saying no?
How are we gonna pray
for Sage and Em?
For other people
to take care of them
if we can't even take care of
the people outside of our gate?
It's not gonna do any good
for Sage and Em
to get here
and there's no food left.
Is this an ark?
Or is this a fortress?
It's our home.
I just feel like
we're missing something.
Then help me figure out
what that something is.
Hey.
-Hi.
-Morning.
-Hey.
Did you see Abe this morning?
Uh. yeah.
He left for early duty.
Have you noticed anything
strange about Georgie
since we got here.
since that thing in LA?
Stranger than usual?
Stranger than
the fact that she still
won't call us mom and dad?
I don't know.
The things they did to her
before we took her in...
those things take time.
I know.
Is-is Abe gonna run guard duty
every morning?
Is that the plan?
Uh-- I don't know.
I don't set the schedule.
Don't B.S. me. Jeff.
You set the guy
who sets the schedule.
I can't order everyone
to do duty
and then give our kid a pass.
Fine.
I'll take his place.
I'll run his shifts.
Good luck
talking him into that.
Watch me.
Tara.
Never mind.
Aw. man.
There are a lot of
other hunters up here.
Ugh. Come on.
But why don't we go
where they're going?
Let's just keep going this way.
We don't wanna go
where they're going.
Slowpoke!
Hey. you only won because
I'm carrying this trailer.
Oh. no. I won because
you're slow on the turn.
Your bike is faster than mine.
Come on. dude.
They're all the same bike.
Yeah. but you're not
hauling the trailer.
Oh. you said that already.
Come on.
Gorgeous. dude.
Okay.
So. you
and the homeschool girl?
-Claire?
-Yeah.
-What's up?
-Yeah. what about her?
We made some peach wine
the other day.
-Did you?
-Yeah.
-Dude. I want some of that.
-Oh. me too.
Yeah. sure.
I need a break for a minute.
I need a break.
Hey.
What is that?
Look. that shiny thing.
Do you see that? Do you see that
down on the ridge?
What-what are you doing?
The... warning!
Warning. warning.
Uh...
You are
trespassing on--
-What'd they say?
-Come on.
What-what is that?
What?
Wha--?
Call my dad.
-Call my dad.
-Okay.
Mr. Eriksson?
-Jeff here.
-Hey. Dad. Um--
There's a hunter. uh.
pointing a scoped rifle
right at me.
Abe?
What's your position?
Uh. LP/OP 19.
-Did you warn them?
-Yeah. but.
the megaphone's running
out of battery.
Fire a warning shot.
Did somebody get something?
I don't know. uh...
I don't see anything.
Dad. he's still pointing
the rifle at me.
Dad. what do I do?
Shoot.
-Dad. what do I do?
-Shoot!
-Abe! Shoot!
-Don't come any closer.
Come on. What are you doing?
No. no. no.
Shoot. Abe. shoot!
Whoa. Jimmy.
Jimmy! Jimmy! Jimmy!
I'll get help!
What happened?
Gunshot wound
to the upper thoracic.
Abe. you gotta keep
that pressure on the wound.
It's very important. all right?
Keep that pressure right there.
Did he have ID on him?
What's his blood type?
-Hold it like you mean it.
Firm pressure.
-Nothing.
-All right. buddy. Stay with us.
-Here you go.
Sir?
Sir. can you hear me?
Keep that pressure.
Sir? Sir. can you hear me?
Sir? What's his name?
James McGavin.
Mr. McGavin. can you hear me?
Mr. McGavin. you've been shot.
I need you
to stay with me. all right?
Come on. buddy.
Please. Come on.
Come on. please.
Hey! Hey.
-What happened?
-No. You've been shot.
I need you to stay still so
we can dress your wounds. okay?
Can you hear me?
Keep talking!
Keep talking. What's your name?
Brittany.
Who's Brittany?
James. who's Brittany?
James? James. talk to me.
Check for an exit wound.
-Hey.
-There's so much blood.
-Yep.
-Roll him.
-Three. two. one.
Doctor.
James?
-James? James?
-Sir?
Mr. McGavin?
He's gone.
He was pointing
the rifle right at me.
Stop talking. Abe.
Don't say another word.
You are responsible for this.
Alena.
It looked like
he was gonna shoot us.
Shut up. Abe!
This was murder.
That's not what happened.
This isn't a war!
It's a... slow down.
You don't have to make war
for war to find you.
Look at him!
This man is no soldier.
Probably someone's father.
Look. I promise you this.
We'll figure out proper rules
of engagement moving forward.
I set the rules of engagement.
Jeff. not now.
Whose child is that?
Georgie. Georgie. no.
Come on.
Listen.
Let's go talk about this.
They brought
their troubles.
They brought their old ways.
Morning.
And their bitterness
for a paradise lost.
The enemy circled
our families like wolves.
Consuming our peace.
We all held the shovel
that buried that first man.
In light of this new
and terrible world.
life felt so short.
You gotta be kidding me.
Hey. man.
This is where the B.S. ends.
It's time for you
to take charge.
Full control.
We got your back.
And then what?
All these people
become our slaves?
We're not downrange.
This is home.
-It's complicated.
-It's not complicated.
We got the guns and
the training. They don't.
You're not here
with a wife and kids.
Well. there's a reason I'm not.
Right.
You're some kind of lone wolf.
Lone wolves survive. bro.
“Lone wolves
survive. bro.”
Does the dude even watch
National Geographic?
Lone wolves never survive.
But. hey.
That's Bing.
Can't say we don't know
the type. right?
I don't know
that I'm not the type.
Hmm.
So. how do you see all this?
Just a forward operating base?
Church camp?
I don't know.
I'm not used to fighting
right on top
of the Americans
I'm protecting.
How do you bring
overwhelming violence of action
with a bunch of kids
running around?
I don't know.
Look. your son...
I'm sorry.
I don't know that I know how
to operate in this environment.
This isn't operating.
No.
No. dang sure isn't.
We need chain of command.
A real chain of command.
Structure. Training.
Yeah.
Not gonna happen.
It's one of those go-by-feel
sort of missions.
Right?
I don't know
what I feel anymore.
Yeah. you do.
Come on. Tinman.
I know you got
some heart in there.
Hey.
Apple a day
keeps the wolves away.
Let's roll.
Where's that wolf at?
Hey. Oh.
Thank you.
The wood rats got into
the wheat in the cold shed.
Oh. no.
Is it all ruined?
I have to go
through it all.
but a lot of it.
At least we still have
sugar. rice. and potatoes.
We can--
maybe we can plant more?
Not wheat.
The seed potatoes
are all rotting.
All of this stuff.
None of it's
gonna make it
to planting season.
So then what?
April...
maybe May
and then we go hungry.
We can plant more
in the greenhouses.
No. In the middle of winter?
With four feet of snow
out there?
Honey. God just didn't make
any of this stuff
to grow when it's freezing.
Well. if God did that.
then hypothetically--
Hypothetically what?
Are you planning on praying
for these tomatoes
to come to life in January?
'Cause I don't think God's
taking any calls this year.
Least that's the way it seems.
Right.
Jenna. Jenna.
Jenna. I--
Abe?
Abe!
Mr. McGavin.
you've been shot.
He's still pointing
the rifle at me.
You are responsible
for this.
Shoot!
What's going on?
What was that?
- It's my fault.
- No. it's not your fault.
-No. it's--
-I pulled the trigger.
Mommy! Can I keep him?
No.
All right. You know what.
Jeff. I got this.
Just go get Abe.
Oh.
Honey. it is not
a very good time.
But. Mom. he can protect us
from the bad men.
What bad men?
Like the bad man that...
Abe shot.
Oh. buddy. Um...
He-he was not a-a bad man.
Then why did Abe shoot him?
Sometimes we think
we're doing the right thing
and then
it just all goes wrong.
Only God really knows.
God?
Yeah. You know. come here.
Come here. Oh.
Look...
We-we don't always know.
Right? And sometimes we
just need to trust
that there is a reason.
Okay?
All right. Go find that puppy
before he eats all the tomatoes.
Hey.
I don't think I belong here.
What? Honey. this is your home.
Is it?
We're shooting people now.
Is it really my home?
That was an accident.
Jeff's boy. he--
he was defending
a line on our map.
To protect our supplies.
He killed a man
for our supplies.
Honey.
where's this coming from?
I--
-Never mind.
-No. no. no. no.
Our kids need us
to be strong right now.
No. they need a world
where people help strangers.
Not shoot at them!
Mr. Ross.
There's a lady at the gate.
Says she's your sister.
Oh. my God.
-Evie!
-Let her in. Let her in!
Mom. who are
all these people?
I don't know. honey.
I don't know.
-Hey!
-Mom? And them?
-I don't know. I don't know.
-Let us in!
Guess she's--
-We made it.
-Come on. Evie.
-Oh. my God.
-Oh.
-I'm sorry.
-Oh. you made it.
Kids!
-You okay?
-Yeah.
- Ian!
- Yeah.
Come on.
Come in.
Abe?
What are you--
what are you doing here?
I. uh...
I just needed
someone to talk to.
Oh-- okay.
But why not your parents?
Um. they have their own things
that they're dealing with
and. uh...
I-I don't want them to know.
You-you don't want them
to know what?
It's...
bothering me.
Abe. come on. Sit down.
There's one moment.
his face had.
like...
a person and the next moment.
it was...
there was nothing.
It was empty.
It was loose. And. uh...
I think about his family.
All the time.
He just never came home.
I'm really sorry. Abe.
Can I...
pray for you?
What?
You know. like-like...
just. like. pray for you to...
just. like. feel better.
Yeah. Yeah. I guess.
-Sure. Sure.
-Okay.
Um...
Just like--
Like. close your eyes.
Lord...
please come to Abe and. um...
Lord. please help him and...
give him peace and give him...
Lord. just...
just help Abe. please.
Amen.
Now what?
You could just say “amen” too.
Amen.
Um. there's. um.
something you should know
about me.
My mom. she. uh...
she already told me you had
some. like. heart problems.
Yeah. I was 11. actually.
Heart transplant. but--
Wait. you have
somebody else's heart?
Yeah.
And. you know.
sometimes...
I feel like I took his life.
He died
so that I could live and...
now his life. at least.
the part that I carry. it's...
it's my responsibility.
You know?
I have to...
live my life
for the both of us now.
Maybe that's you too. Abe.
That man's life is in you now.
You carry it.
But how is that supposed
to make me feel any better?
I don't know.
Does it?
I mean--
Yeah. a little bit. I guess.
There is something
that I do need to go do though.
What do you need to do?
It's so late.
I'm aware of the time.
-Wanna help?
-Yeah.
Wow.
Why are we doing this now?
You always plant flowers
at night.
That's not a thing.
Maybe.
Or maybe I just like working
in here when it's quiet.
-Okay. That makes more sense.
-Yeah.
-Flowers. So many flowers.
-Mm-hmm.
Well. they protect
the tomatoes.
-From bugs?
-Mm-hmm.
-Makes sense. Okay.
-Yeah.
More important
now than ever. I guess.
I guess so.
All right. Let's do this.
-Wow! That's--
-That looks like a lot.
Just put-- no. Just put--
Do not remind me.
While it lasted.
Don't grab from there.
Just place that there.
Looks good.
Okay. Grab one of these. Yep.
♪ If the sun doesn't rise ♪
♪ It's just you
and I tonight ♪
Come on.
I wanna show you something.
Yeah. Okay.
This is my baby. My favorite.
What is it?
Just watch.
-Wow.
-Mm-hmm.
What is that?
It's morning glory.
Ipomoea nil in Latin.
They only show their faces
for a couple hours a day.
Just in the morning.
You know. with everything
that's been...
been going on.
I'm glad I'm talking to you.
That's-- that's good.
Wait.
What?
Your parents
are gonna freak out.
-You guys. you're staying
in the same room. right?
-Yup.
They're gonna flip out
when they wake up
and you're not there.
Yeah. You're right.
I should. um...
I should probably go.
♪ Hold me
in the darkness. honey ♪
Claire.
Yeah?
Thank you for. uh.
praying for me.
Anytime.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Today. technically.
Okay. Bye!
♪ Out of time ♪
♪ If the sun doesn't rise ♪
♪ It's just you
and I tonight ♪
This is
J.R. Jeffreys.
If you're listening to this.
congratulations.
You're still alive.
And the powers that be
haven't silenced me yet.
Word has it that
Texas and California
have seized control of
the National Guard units
and that the army is too big
of a mess to stop them.
California sent unarmed
guardies into Utah
to get the coal power plant
back online.
But they were met
by a Utah militia
and it went badly
for the Californians.
Cities on fire. Mm.
That's a long list.
Amarillo. Los Angeles.
Oakland. Detroit. Baltimore.
Seattle. Well. Seattle's kind
of always been on fire.
We survived
another day together.
Don't take it
for granted. people.
I hope you hear
my voice tomorrow.
Until then.
-Hey.
Morning.
I should talk to Abe
about what happened.
That. um...
changes a man.
Yeah. You know what. though.
he's still a boy.
Okay?
I think he met a girl.
-She can't fix this.
-Hmm.
Sometimes young love can.
-Right?
-Yeah.
So. the broken wheat bins. I had
the kids sift through them
when they were
doing their schoolwork--
That's great.
There's still not enough.
Okay. Well. just give me
one second. Hear me out.
I've stacked the solar jennies
to run the wheat grinder.
It's much faster
than the bike grinder.
And these two stoves
are putting out about
12 loaves an hour.
which is plenty enough for us
and for the people
outside the gate.
You know what happened
last time.
You said that it was ruined
and we--
No. No. I said
it wasn't enough.
Even before.
Well. now there's a surplus
and we can use this bread.
It's perfectly fine.
What you give to them.
you're taking from us.
It's just that simple.
Sweetheart. we have
been here before. you and I.
And God came through
with Claire's heart.
Honey. there's a reason
why they call it a miracle.
It's because miracles
almost never happen.
That is not--
Okay. Oh.
Did you try the bread. Dad?
Don't tell me you're
getting involved
with Jeff Eriksson's kid.
-What?
-I mean. we don't even know
if they're gonna work out here.
-Keep your voice down.
-What do you mean “work out”?
They're a part of this.
Let's just talk about it.
You're only 17.
Are you serious?
-Dad. don't you trust me?
-That's not what we're saying.
It's not happening.
End of discussion.
You can't just
control everything. Dad.
Claire!
Claire.
Well. that didn't look
like it went very well.
He's just not getting it.
You know. it's a good plan.
He'll come around.
Come on.
Mm.
No way.
Christian.
Tell Evie that Malcolm's here.
There he is! Theo!
-Come on!
-Dad!
Sweetie.
Oh. God!
Careful!
Hey. What?
What's wrong?
I'm just...
relieved.
Why? What happened?
'Cause you didn't show up
in Mojave and...
I didn't know
where you were and...
Well. I-I was right behind you.
If you had just waited for me.
it would've been okay.
What?
Um. I-I waited for you.
Wait. you don't understand.
okay?
There were...
there were people like--
Men were fighting and screaming
and breaking into the car.
Why did we buy a Tesla?
-What's the big deal?
-No. you don't understand.
Cities were on fire.
So where were you?
I--
-I stopped in Vegas.
-Mom.
You...
you what?
You stopped in Vegas?
-For like--
-Malcolm. hi.
Hi.
Is there a place
that we can...
Yeah. You know what.
why don't you take him
where you're staying?
-Thank you.
-Okay? And I'll take the kids.
-You wanna have some peaches?
-Yeah!
Look. I was in Vegas.
but I stopped there for.
like. a coffee
and a drink and. like.
I-I lost track of time. okay?
So. uh.
how many guys do you have
out here today?
Twelve.
-That's a lot.
-Yeah.
Look.
they just got here.
so I'm not sure
if it's the best time
to get intel.
We need the intel.
He just came from the outside.
-Yeah. I get it. but--
-This one?
Yes.
Hey!
-Mal! Ohh.
-Ian!
I'm glad you're okay
and you're here.
All of you.
Look. I want to introduce you
to Jeff Eriksson.
He's the head of our security.
Mal.
- Hey. Pleasure. Jeff.
- Mal?
Yeah. One second. Eves.
What's up?
What'd you see in California?
On the roads?
Yeah. California.
Wow! You have never seen
a traffic jam like that.
Wait a second.
Wait. The interstate's open?
Yeah. Wide open from Vegas.
I was there two days ago.
You were in Las Vegas.
Yes! Yeah. They got power
going on the Strip.
They-they got these.
like. diesel generators
the size of semi-trailers.
They're giving out food
from trucks.
And. look.
that's where I got this.
There's-there's power
on the Strip?
So that means FEMA's
doing their job.
Yeah. Totally.
They said they're coming
this way next.
Forty-eight hours
and they're on their way.
And then. uh. over to. um...
uh...
to Boise.
They played
“Proud to be an American”
out the back of the Bellagio.
-Loud as heck!
-That's great news.
That's great. FEMA's
on their way. They're coming.
You sure it was FEMA?
Jeff.
Who else would it be?
Yeah. Yeah. They got the-the
white trucks and the. um...
you know. all the...
So. hey. um. how's the fallout
from the. um.
you know. the bomb?
Our Geiger counters
measured nothing.
Mal!
-Got to--
-I get you. I get you.
Take care.
Ah. Thanks. Mal.
-Yeah.
-I'll talk to you in a bit.
Well. that's the best news
we've had in days.
Now you can tell your boys
to relax a little bit.
-Morning.
-Brought you waters. okay?
-Bread?
-Thank you.
Did you authorize this?
Not exactly.
-She's gonna start a riot.
-I can explain.
Look. I get it.
About marriage.
I planned on everything
except maybe
her.
I'll take care of it.
Any news on FEMA?
Have they come downtown yet?
Negative.
He said they were gonna be here
yesterday or today.
Malcolm!
Where did FEMA say
they were gonna set up?
Probably sports arena.
I'd guess.
That's where they were
in Vegas.
You were at the sports arena
in Vegas?
I saw the sign. yeah.
You saw the sign
or you drove there?
Bro! It's not that big a deal.
I was near there.
Okay. Okay.
Just don't flip.
-I'm sorry.
-It's okay.
Um. just give it a second.
-It's cool. It's fine.
-Okay.
Um.
Hey. could I talk to you
for a second alone?
-Yeah.
-Just privately?
Thank you.
-Uh. yeah. Uh...
-What was that?
Sorry. I haven't had
the chance to tell you. but...
Malcolm is on meds.
He has been for a long time.
And he's out of them.
-Meds?
-He's out of his meds. yeah.
And I don't know.
It's like he's living
in his own world sometimes.
I don't know. Yeah.
Two white box trucks
coming up the road.
I told you FEMA would be here.
Jeff. you're gonna
wanna see this.
What's that?
Hey. look!
That don't look like FEMA.
Let's go!
Hey. boss. Lock the gate down.
Bing. give me
some gun food!
We have contact. Main gate.
QRF two.
Hold in reserve on the patio.
-Hold fire.
-Confirmed.
All team leaders.
hold your fire.
Hold your fire
until I give the command.
We got the high ground.
Georgie!
What are you doing? Come on!
This is the
Oakwood Police Department!
Lay down your arms
and surrender!
Man. those are police. bro.
Maybe they are.
Maybe they're not.
This is your final warning!
Lay down your weapons!
You hear me. bro?
Those are police.
If we give up our guns now.
we will never get them back.
Javi. what the heck
is going on?
Ian?
You're a part of this?
Well. yeah. This is my home.
What's with
the tactical response?
We heard there's
a survival gang up here
murdering people.
Well. I assume
you have a warrant. right?
It's okay.
Okay.
There's probable cause.
There's supposedly
restricted weapons.
Well.
doesn't sound probable
to me. Javi.
Hey. come on.
I've been at barbeques
at your house
with more weapons than this.
Arrest that man. Lieutenant.
Give me this.
This is an illegal gathering.
Hold-hold on. Hey. hey! Javi.
Look. you're surrounded
by Special Forces soldiers.
With machine guns.
We can talk through this
like rational men.
Time to go by feeling. brother.
Don't kill them. Jeff.
You hear me?
Look. it feels wrong
because it is wrong.
We are the law.
-We are here--
-Sir. put down the megaphone!
No. You can't let this guy
talk to you
-like you're some kind--
-Get back in the APC!
We're the police.
We're here to make sure--
-Get back in the APC now!
-No!
Not until
we inventory every gun
and every bullet
on this property
and put it into evidence!
Javi. you better stop this
before someone gets hurt.
Bring out the trucks!
Bring them up!
I want all you people to put
your food in the trucks
in an orderly fashion!
You gotta shut this guy up
before someone gets hurt here!
This gathering is illegal
and shall disband.
Javi! Shut this guy up now!
We shall confiscate
all food for fair
and equitable distribution
by the city of Oakwood
-through its legal charter!
-Come on. Javi.
Do you think
that you're above the law?
Do you think that the rules
aren't for you?
-Huh?
-Jeff!
It's all right. guys.
It's okay.
Everyone. stay calm.
We're in position. over.
Suppressive fire.
-Cease fire!
-Hold your fire!
Why are you shooting
over their heads. man?
Hold your fire!
Man down!
Man down! Man down!
Ian!
Ian.
He can't breathe!
They shot him!
Do not let them leave. Jeff!
Next time. they won't come down
the middle of the road
like idiots!
They'll come through the forest
and it'll be a real fight!
Shut up. Bing.
Don't shoot!
Point your weapons
at the ground
and back up slowly.
QRF three. coming through.
Retreat.
Hold your fire!
♪ Raise your head ♪
♪ And dry your eyes ♪
♪ Those violent seas ♪
Everyone knew him as
our steadfast leader.
But now he lay here
barely alive.
We wrapped him in prayer
throughout the night.
Begged for his life.
And I knew that in a moment.
it could all change.
Yet I kept my hope alive.
♪ Holy Ghost ♪
I turned again
and again to God.
Fully surrendered
without condition.
And with the first light
of dawn.
something changed within me.
I had been searching
for the light.
but it had been
with me all along.
Before. I had just been
the woman of the house.
But on this morning.
I awoke with a new
and divine purpose.
I became filled with love.
And I knew what I had to do.
Jeff. you copy?
Go for Jeff.
Need you at the gate. brother.
Mrs. Ross is telling us
to let the refugees through.
Ian?
Oh. thank God.
What happened? Where am I?
You're at home.
You're in the med bay.
You got shot.
SWAT?
They're gone.
How long have I been--
You. uh...
you were asleep for...
for ten days.
Sage?
Emily?
We haven't heard from them.
What is it?
Um...
Hey. What is it?
I know you.
What?
I let our friends in.
How many?
All. All of them.
I-I let them all in.
Hmm.
I don't-- I mean...
The math just...
Well.
Lucky for us.
my God is bigger than the math.
I--
I don't understand.
It's okay.
I bet it all.
Our safety. Your life.
I bet it all
on faith.
Uh. how?
Loaves and fishes.
There's life.
And then there
is life worth living.
And it is happening.
Okay.
Now tell me
how we're gonna do this.
It was right in front of us
the whole time.
Everything we needed.
Well. on the other side
of the gate.
Tara Eriksson. she built solar
LED lighting systems in Iraq.
And she came up with
a plan that could power
our LED grow lights
in the green houses.
And the kids. they sprouted
our seed potatoes.
They got almost every single
one of them to grow.
Did you know
that every seed potato
makes eight
to ten potato plants?
Which in turn makes
eight to ten potatoes.
And every three months.
we just do it all over again.
We plant. We grow.
We multiply.
What about the cold...
the winter?
Well. that's the best part.
Rick Baumgartner.
he knows about chimneys
and stoves
and he had this great idea
that we bake the bread inside
the green houses at night.
It's plenty warm enough
for potatoes.
Honey...
I don't want you to get
all your hopes up on this.
I know.
It would take
a miracle for this to work.
But I believe in miracles.
And I believe in this place.
Hey.
I believe in you.
As the granite promise
of our nation crumbled.
we found something
sturdy beneath.
Our faith had always been
greater than our wealth.
Survival could have become
our North Star.
But we chose love instead.
And in every fall of man
and the rebirth that follows...
love lights the way.
You say that she
knew the nuclear attack
was coming before it happened.
She drew it almost
an hour before.
-What does that mean?
-I don't know.
She never stops drawing. though.
Someone's coming.
Claire!
You need to leave.
Says who?
No. Jeff!
What else has she seen?